Update contact sync documentation (#392)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/connected-accounts.mdx

| name         | string  | The username of the connection account      |
| friend_sync? | boolean | Whether to sync friends over the connection |

> <RouteHeader method="PUT" url="/users/@me/connections/contacts/@me/external-friend-list-entries">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<RouteHeader method="PUT" url="/users/@me/connections/contacts/{connection.id}/external-friend-list-entries">
```

  Sync Contacts
</RouteHeader>

> 

Reviewer: missing ep description
```suggestion

Syncs the user's device contacts to the connection. May fire multiple [Friend Suggestion Create](/topics/gateway-events#friend-suggestion-create) Gateway events.

```

###### JSON Params

| Field                           | Type                                                                  | Description                                                           |
| ------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | friend_list_entries             | array[[contact sync payload](#contact-sync-payload-structure) object] | Phone numbers to find accounts of                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| friend_list_entries             | array[[friend list entry](#friend-list-entry-structure) object] | The phone numbers to sync                                     |
```

> | background                      | boolean                                                               | Request is a background sync, will not return suggestions             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| background                      | boolean                                                               | Whether the request is a background sync (will not return suggestions)             |
```

> | allowed_in_suggestions          | integer                                                               | [Contact sync suggestions setting](#contact-sync-suggestions-setting) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| allowed_in_suggestions          | integer                                                               | The [contact sync suggestions setting](#contact-sync-suggestions-setting) |
```

> | include_mutual_friends_count    | boolean                                                               | Show the mutual friend count of contacts                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| include_mutual_friends_count    | boolean                                                               | Whether to show the mutual friend count of contacts                              |
```
how tf does this even work

> | add_reverse_friend_suggestions? | boolean                                                               | Show users that have contact synced you                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| add_reverse_friend_suggestions? | boolean                                                               | Whether to add users that have contact synced the current user as friend suggestions                               |
```

###### Contact Sync Payload Structure

| Field     | Type   | Description                         |
| --------- | ------ | ----------------------------------- |

> | friend_id | string | Phone number to find an account for |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| friend_id | string | Phone number of the contact |
```

###### Contact Sync Suggestions Setting

| Value | Name                     |
| ----- | ------------------------ |

> | 1     | MUTUAL_CONTACT_INFO_ONLY |

Reviewer: missing description

| 2     | ANYONE_WITH_CONTACT_INFO |

###### Response Body

| Field              | Type                                                                                 | Description                                                                                    |
| ------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | bulk_add_token     | ?string                                                                              | Token to be used for [bulk add relationships](/resources/relationships#bulk-add-relationships) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| bulk_add_token     | ?string                                                                              | Token to be used for [bulk adding relationships](/resources/relationships#bulk-add-relationships) |
```

| friend_suggestions | array[[friend suggestion](/resources/relationships#friend-suggestion-object) object] | Suggested users                                                                                |

<RouteHeader method="GET" url="/users/@me/connections/contacts/{connection.id}/external-friend-list-entries/settings">
  Contact Sync Settings
</RouteHeader>

###### Response Body

| Field                  | Type    | Description                                                           |
| ---------------------- | ------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | allowed_in_suggestions | integer | [Contact sync suggestions setting](#contact-sync-suggestions-setting) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| allowed_in_suggestions | integer | The [contact sync suggestions setting](#contact-sync-suggestions-setting) |
```
